Is the mind the same as the brain, or do we have souls?
Can computers think, or fall in love?
Can computers be creative?
What is consciousness?
Can we really know what it feels like to be a bat?
When you have a toothache, is the pain in your mouth or in your brain?
What is an emotion?
Is love just a feeling?
How is love different from passion or sexual desire?
Are emotions irrational?
Which would you rather be - an unhappy human being or a happy dog?
What is the meaning of life?
Is happiness the most important purpose in life?
Is it always better to have more choices?
Does freewill really exist?
If there is no freewill, should we punish people at all?
If God knows what you will do tomorrow, do you still have freewill?
Does God exist?
If God exists, why is there so much evil in the world?
Can God create a stone so heavy that he cannot lift?
Can there be two almighty Gods?
Can there be morality without God?
Is morality relative?
Is it objectively wrong to torture innocent babies just for fun?
Is abortion ever permissible?
Is it wrong to have children, if you don't know whether they want to be born?
What is wrong with incest?
What is friendship and why do we need it?
What is art?
Is there progress in art?
Can food be art?
Is it wrong to spend money on expensive food when people are dying of hunger?
If someone is drowning and you refuse to help, are you responsible for his death?
Why do we punish people?
Is it alright to torture terrorists to extract information?
When is it ok, if ever, to disobey the law?
Is it the main purpose of law to promote morality?
Should governments penalize people for unhealthy lifestyles?
Why ban drugs and not alcohol or trans-fat?
Should prostitution be made legal?
Is there such a thing as sexual perversion?
What is wrong with having sex with animals?
How much freedom should people have?
Are people free to sell themselves into slavery?
Why think there are universal human rights?
Is democracy the same as decision by the majority?
Should people who pay more taxes get more votes?
Is democracy suitable for all countries?
When should governments intervene in the market?
Is there a difference between free trade and fair trade?
What is wrong, if anything, about protectionism?
Is patriotism irrational?
Can wars ever be just?
Should people have the right to live in any country they wish?
Is the preservation of culture a good reason to limit immigration?
Is race a biological category or a social construct?
Are you the same person you were ten years ago?
What is a person? Is it the mind, or the body?
Do we think with language or pictures?
Why do we dream?
Can animals reason?
What about fish, oysters and tomatoes?
Do animals have rights?
If we eat chickens, why not dogs, dolphins, or babies?
If super-intelligent aliens want to eat humans, are they wrong?
If meat can be grown using stem cells, is there any reason not to eat meat?
Should we let people commit suicide when they are terminally ill?
Should we kill coma patients on life support to provide more resources to others?
Should organ donation be made compulsory?
Should organ donors be financially compensated?
Is it wrong to grow brain dead babies to harvest their organs?
Why should we respect the dead?
Should we fear death?
Is life meaningless if we can live forever?
What are numbers and do they really exist?
Does Sherlock Holmes exist?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
What is time?
Does time flow? How fast does it flow?
Can something be at two places at the same time?
Is time travel possible?
If you can travel back in time, can you kill your earlier self?
If you go back in time and teach young Einstein relativity theory, where does the idea come from?
Are there parallel universes?
Does every event have a cause?
"This sentence is false." Is it true or false?
"It will rain a week later." Is it true or false or neither?
Is truth relative, or a matter of opinion?
How do you know you are not dreaming right now?
If we live in a computer simulation, does it make a difference to the meaning of life?
Would you choose to live in a computer simulation if it will make you a lot happier?
Can we be certain of anything?
What is science?
Why is mathematics so important in science?
Is mathematics the same as logic?
Why believe in electrons and blackholes if we can't see them?
Can there be two different theories of the world, both true and complete?
How should we distinguish between good and bad scientific theories?
Is science compatible with religion?
Is there progress in philosophy?
What is philosophy anyway? 
What are the things that stand between you and complete happiness?
What will people say at your funeral?
Standing at the gates of heaven, and God asks you “Why should I let you in?” What do you reply?
If you lost everything tomorrow, whose arms would you run into to make everything ok?
Does this person know how much they mean to you? When was the last time you told them?
If you could send a message to the entire world, what would you say in 30 seconds?
If you received enough money to never need to work again, what would you spend your time doing?
If today was the last day of your life, what would you want to do?
What would you change about your life if you knew you would never die?
If your entire life was a movie, what title would best fit?
How would you describe yourself in 5 words?
What are the chances you’ve passed up on that you regret?
How do you apply the learning from this regret to your actions today?
What would you do differently if you knew that no one was judging you?
If you could watch everything that happened in your life until now, would you enjoy it?
If you could ask a single person one question, and they had to answer truthfully, who and what would you ask?
If you could start over, what would you do differently?
When you’re 90 years old, what will matter most to you in the world?
Are you holding onto something that you need to let go of? What’s stopping you?
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Do you ask enough questions, or are you happily settling for what you know already?
How do you celebrate the things you do have in your life?
When it’s all said and done, will you have said more than you have done?
When was the last time you tried something new?
What were you doing when you last lost track of the time?
What is the difference between living and existing?
If you had a friend that you spoke to the same way you speak to yourself, how long do you think that person would allow you to be your friend?
If you had to teach someone one thing, what would you teach?
What makes you smile?
What drives you to do better at something?
What do you really love to do? Do you do it often? If you answer no, why not?
What can you do today that you couldn’t do a year ago? What will you be able to do at this time next year?
What is the last thing that you’ve done that’s really worth remembering?
What gets you excited and driven to achieve?
When was the last time you travelled somewhere new?
What do you want most out of life?
If karma was coming back to you, would it help or hurt you?
If you could go back in time, once, and change a single thing – what would it be?
If you had a year left to live, what would you achieve over the next 12 months?
If you could ask for one wish, what would it be?
What do you “owe” yourself?
When you think of your home, what immediately comes to mind?
How do you spend the majority of your free time? Why?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
What have you done to pursue your dreams lately? How about today?
What terrifies you the most?
What are you looking forward to?
Describe the greatest adventure of your life
Where would you like to live? Why haven’t you moved?
What have you done that you’re most proud to have achieved?
If you dropped everything to pursue your dreams, what would you be risking?
What is your greatest strength?
What is your greatest weakness?
What did your life teach you yesterday?
What have you done today to make someone’s life better?
Whose life have you had the greatest impact on?
What makes you special?
How many people do you truly love? What are you doing for them?
What bad habits do you want to break?
When did you not speak up, when you know you really should have?
Describe the next five years of your life, and your plans, in a single sentence
If you spend a day watching movies when you should be working a day wasted or well spent?
Would your life be better or worse, if you knew the time and place where you would die?
What is honor, and does it even matter anymore?
Would you be a martyr and risk your reputation by standing up for what is right in front of your peers? Or is it better to be pragmatic and do nothing?
Could you be persuaded to kill someone? If you answer no, how much money would it take to change your mind?”
What would happen if you never wasted another minute of your life, what would that look like?
Would you rather have 10 years of excellent health, or 30 years of average health?
Is being open-minded a virtue, if it’s causing destructive ideas to spread throughout society?
Do you consider yourself the hero or the villain in your story?
How much control do you really have over yourself?
When did you last push the boundaries of your comfort zone?
What have you given up on?
Who are you really? Describe yourself without using your name, or any attributes given to you by society and really think. Deep down, who are you?
